Coexistance of cellfinder+brainreg CLI tool and cellfinder-core workflow (#58)
brainglobe/brainglobe-workflows: README.md

# BrainGlobe Workflows

`brainglobe-workflows` is a package that provides users with a number of out-of-the-box data analysis workflows employed in neuroscience, implemented using BrainGlobe tools.

These workflows represent the most common use-cases and are meant to be easy to reuse. They also serve as an example of how to combine several BrainGlobe tools  (possibly together with other tools) to achieve a goal, such as whole brain cell detection and atlas registration.

You can view the [full documentation for each workflow](https://brainglobe.info/documentation/brainglobe-workflows/index.html) online.
You can also find the documentation for the backend BrainGlobe tools these workflows use [on our website](https://brainglobe.info/).

At present, the package offers the following workflows to users:

- [cellfinder](#cellfinder): a command-line tool for whole-brain detection, registration, and analysis.

Additionally, this repository provides functionalities to support code developers. See [Developers documentation](#developers-documentation) for further details.

> ## Users documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User documentation
```

`brainglobe-workflows` is built using BrainGlobe tools, and it will automatically fetch the tools that it needs and install them into your environment.
Once BrainGlobe version 1 is available, this package will fetch all BrainGlobe tools and handle their install into your environment, to prevent potential conflicts from partial-installs.

> ### Cellfinder CLI tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cellfinder Command Line Interface (CLI)
```

```

Full documentation can be found [here](https://brainglobe.info/documentation/cellfinder/index.html).

> ## Developers documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Developer documentation
```

> This repository also includes workflow scripts that are benchmarked to support code development. We regularly benchmark the time the workflows take to complete to ensure performance is stable as the code changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository also includes workflow scripts that are benchmarked to support code development.
These benchmarks are run regularly to ensure performance is stable, as the tools are developed and extended.
```

Also a handy tip for markdown files; start every sentence on a newline (if you're not in a list) - it means that hunting through the diff for changes and edits is a little bit faster :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: I was wondering if there was a pre-commit hook for this but didn't find any already made

Reviewer: There isn't one sadly, but I have my VSCode setup with a markdown linter which helps standardise some things.
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one

> * Developers can install these benchmarks locally via `pip install .[dev]`. By executing `asv run`,  the benchmarks will run with default parameters on a small dataset that is downloaded from [GIN](https://gin.g-node.org/G-Node/info/wiki). See [the asv docs](https://asv.readthedocs.io/en/v0.6.1/using.html#running-benchmarks) for further details on how to run benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Developers can install these benchmarks locally via `pip install .[dev]`. By executing `asv run`, the benchmarks will run with default parameters on a small dataset that is downloaded from [GIN](https://gin.g-node.org/G-Node/info/wiki). See [the asv docs](https://asv.readthedocs.io/en/v0.6.1/using.html#running-benchmarks) for further details on how to run benchmarks.
```

(VSCode markdown lint is viscous)

> * Developers can also run these benchmarks on  data available locally, by specifying the relevant paths in an input configuration JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Developers can also run these benchmarks on data they have stored locally, by specifying the relevant paths in an input (JSON) file.
```

> * We additionally run and benchmark the workflows locally on a internal desktop machine using large example datasets. These benchmarks are run periodically and the results are made publicly available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We also maintain an internal runner that benchmarks the workflows over a large, exemplar dataset, of the scale we expect users to be handling. The result of these benchmarks are made publicly available.
```

Contributions to BrainGlobe are more than welcome.

> Please see the [developers guide](https://brainglobe.info/developers/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [developer guide](https://brainglobe.info/developers/index.html).
```
